README.md, before:

# datree-offline

This repository creates offline versions of [Datree](https://datree.io) that include [Kubernetes JSON schemas](https://github.com/yannh/kubernetes-json-schema) directly within the the Docker image.

## Versions

Because there are so many versions of the Kubernetes JSON schemas, they cannot all be included in a single Docker image.  Therefore, separate Docker images are created for each schema version.  For example, there's a `datree-offline:v1.24.6-standalone-strict` image that corresponds with the [v1.24.6-standalone-strict schema](https://github.com/yannh/kubernetes-json-schema/tree/master/v1.24.6-standalone-strict).  Choose the image that matches the Kubernetes version you have deployed.

## Usage

The `ENTRYPOINT` for each Docker image already includes the necessary parameters to use Datree in an offline manner.  Here's how to use it on the command line, which can be adapted to your CI/CD environment.

```sh
docker run -it --rm -v `pwd`:/tmp ghcr.io/spectriclabs/datree-offline:v1.24.6-standalone-strict test /tmp/somefile.yaml
```

## License

As of this writing, both Datree and the Kubernetes JSON schemas use Apache 2.0 licenses.  The Apache 2.0 license file in this repo only covers this repo.

Commit message:

The parameters have to come after the subcommand, and ARGs and ENVs can't be used in the ENTRYPOINT, so the user has to provide them, which is now documented in the readme.

README.md, after:

# datree-offline

This repository creates offline versions of [Datree](https://datree.io) that include [Kubernetes JSON schemas](https://github.com/yannh/kubernetes-json-schema) directly within the the Docker image.

## Versions

Because there are so many versions of the Kubernetes JSON schemas, they cannot all be included in a single Docker image.  Therefore, separate Docker images are created for each schema version.  For example, there's a `datree-offline:v1.24.6-standalone-strict` image that corresponds with the [v1.24.6-standalone-strict schema](https://github.com/yannh/kubernetes-json-schema/tree/master/v1.24.6-standalone-strict).  Choose the image that matches the Kubernetes version you have deployed.

## Usage

Here's how to use it on the command line, which can be adapted to your CI/CD environment.  Datree is already configured to run offline within the container.  The only things that really need to be modified here are the schema version, the `policies.yaml` config path, and the file(s) to check at the end.

```sh
docker run --network=none -it --rm -v `pwd`:/tmp ghcr.io/spectriclabs/datree-offline:v1.24.6-standalone-strict \
  test --no-record --schema-location='/schema/{{.ResourceKind}}{{.KindSuffix}}.json' \
  --schema-version=1.24.6 \
  --policy-config=/container/path/to/policies.yaml /container/path/to/check/*.yaml
```

## Policies

The default policies are available within the container at `/policies/default.yaml`, copied from [here](https://github.com/datreeio/datree/blob/main/examples/defaultPaC/policies.yaml).

## License

As of this writing, both Datree and the Kubernetes JSON schemas use Apache 2.0 licenses.  The Apache 2.0 license file in this repo only covers this repo.
